Adds 3.6.0 release notes (#5798)
medic/medic: release-notes/docs/3.6.0.md

# 3.6.0 Release Notes

- [Upgrade notes](#upgrade-notes)
- [Africa's Talking integration](#africas-talking-integration)
- [mRDT timestamp metadata](#mrdt-timestamp-metadata)
- [Performance](#performance)
- [And more...](#and-more)

> 

Reviewer: Add an `Known issues` section here, eg:

```
## Known issues

There are no known issues in 3.6.0.
```

## Upgrade notes

### Breaking changes

There are no breaking changes when upgrading from `3.5.x`.

### Supported software

There are no required changes to the [supported software matrix](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/blob/master/installation/supported-software.md) from `3.0.0`.

| Node | CouchDB | Browsers | SMS bridge | Android | medic-android | medic-couch2pg |
|----|----|----|----|----|----|---|
| 8.11+ | 2.1+ | Chrome 53+, Firefox latest | medic-gateway | 4.4+ | 0.4.5+ | 3.0+ |

## Africa's Talking integration

> Version 3.6.0 includes an integration with Africa's Talking, an SMS aggregator. This allow us to offer an alternative to `medic-gateway` which suffers from a host of issues (low throughput, high latency, etc.) We have created a new routine and a new set of API endpoints to send SMS via Africa's Talking, process callbacks from Africa's Talking and update the status of outgoing messages. Please note that this integration must be disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 3.6.0 includes an integration with the [Africa's Talking](https://africastalking.com) SMS aggregator. This allow us to offer a cloud based alternative to managing your own `medic-gateway` devices. We have created a new routine and a new set of API endpoints to send SMS via Africa's Talking, process callbacks from Africa's Talking, and update the status of outgoing messages. Please note that this integration is disabled by default. For more information read the [configuration documentation](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/blob/master/configuration/africas-talking.md).
```
